---
title: 1.0.2.0
---

## Features

1. Feat: Support formula and string builder in attribute and attribute template.
1. Feature: Support to import from CSV file in TDengine Connection.
1. Feat: Add the contact point configuration document.
1. Feat: Add error messages when the sample failed.
1. Feat: Support formula and string builder type and evaluate the value in expression.
1. Feat: Add progress bar when the sample is loading.
1. Feat: Prevent users from directly adding data reference attributes to elements created based on the element template.
1. Feat: Support to directly upgrade from versions 1.0.0.0 and 1.0.1.x to version 1.0.2.0.

## Enhancements

1. enh: batch get attributes api added support for returning error information

## Fixes

1. Fix: Massive data import quickly triggers error messages.
1. Fix: Occurs the issue about the number of the element is invalid in the AI chat.
1. Fix: Only one scenario suggestion questions under the root element.
1. Fix: Found Chinese characters in the panel title which activated in English.
1. Fix: Deleted panel template will lead the error in dashboard page.
1. Fix: Always answer the document content when asking a local elements questions in AI chat.
1. Fix: Failed to load the sample when users log out during the loading process.
1. Fix: Invalid table name displayed in AI chat.
1. Fix: Failed to edit the element's panel including child elements' metrics.
1. Fix: Resolve the issue about that the analysis is still in running after the related stream is deleted.
1. Fix: Throws multiple error messages when the IDMP container restarted.
1. Fix: The Chinese title maybe generated by AI in English system.
1. Fix: Failed to set local LLM setting.
1. Fix: failed to access into resource pages after log out from the IDMP cloud.
1. Fix: Failed to open event detail page in the event search result page.
1. Fix: Failed to transform Celsius UOM.
1. Fix: Issue in sub element template aggregation with tag filter.
1. Fix: Failed to edit model in the AI connection.
1. Fix: Failed to edit the child element's panel in the current element dashboard.
1. Fix: Resolve the issue about attribute template name is not consistent to the column name of  super virtual table.
1. Fix: Can not support to set OpenAI API URL in AI connection
1. Fix: an issue where updating attribute templates could occasionally cause virtual super tables to trigger errors related to deleting and adding columns with the same name.
1. Fix: Generated invalid report in AI chat.
1. Fix: AI chat is invalid sometimes.
1. Fix: Failed to save the connection info in the sample page.
1. Fix: Failed to generate AI panel in the element which contains normal attributes.
1. Fix: Dashboard time range cannot be revoked/reset, causing all panels to use the same time range.
1. Fix: Failed to open disorder data support in analysis.
1. Fix: Failed to use TDengine metric attribute as partition by dimension in panel.
1. Fix: Always retrieving panel data when editing its dashboard.
