---
title: "1.0.6.0"
sidebar_label: "1.0.6.0"
---

## Features

1. Physical units support automatic inference in formula and string constructs.
1. AI Q&A supports generating reports on prediction data. (Preview)
1. Analytics AI Q&A supports generating multiple anomaly detection sub-analytics. (Preview)
1. Analytics support sub-analytics in state windows and anomaly detection. (Preview)
1. Add card/table toggle buttons on the panel list page.
1. Add an enterprise data write menu to the administration page.
1. Analytics support pre-filtering.

## Improvements

1. Add phone verification on the second page of product activation.
1. Enrich AI Q&A answers.
1. Add an "Add to trend chart" menu item to the analytics list.
1. Attribute and attribute template value types support displaying length.
1. All panel types support editing the title.
1. Generate recommended questions based on the user's activation language.

## Bug Fixes

1. Fixed multiple issues on the dashboard page.
1. Fixed the default language for outgoing emails being taken from the system activation language.
1. Fixed new child tables added after data import not being synchronized to the element browser in some cases.
1. Fixed data references not being able to reference timestamp columns.
1. Fixed AI service including a dependency package that does not support Windows.
1. Fixed slow loading times on the attribute list page.
1. Fixed AI Q&A occasionally returning "unknown" error responses.
1. Fixed CSV-imported element template editing reporting a naming pattern error.
