---
title: 1.0.11.0
---

## Features

1. feat: Supports silent login as a standalone SSO method.
1. feat: Provide client SDK for third-party integrations.
1. feat: Panel and dashboard can be shared with third party.
1. feat: Support status history panel.
1. feat: Add filtering in the element template list page.
1. feat: Finished the basic restructure of AI service.
1. feat: Add a normalization button to the event trend panel.
1. feat: Support to delete testing event.
1. feat: Support to save element event list to a panel.
1. feat: Automatically create the TDengine tag data reference for normal attributes and element categories.

## Enhancements

1. enh: Add the full path of the element to the sub-element list, attribute list, and element basic information page.
1. enh: Improvement in advanced panel UI.
1. enh: The same email address supports both username-password login and single sign-on simultaneously.
1. enh: Support pagination in attribute template list page.
1. enh: Within the same element or element template, the names of panels and panel templates must be unique.
1. enh: Improve the event notification rules.
1. enh: Improvement in the panel and panel template list page.
1. enh: Special characters are allowed in element and element template names.
1. enh: Remove the metric from the attribute trend panel.
1. enh: Element type panel maintains consistency with the search user interface.
1. enh: Improve the asset list panel.

## Fixes

1. fix: Set a fixed width for the forecast column in the panel metrics table.
1. fix: The panel automatically sets boundary values based on attribute limits.
1. fix: The maximum password length on the registration page does not match its description.
1. fix: The location of element selection in panel is invalid.
1. fix: Could not find the create time in a panel template.
1. fix: Failed to show event list after saved to a asset panel.
1. fix: Error message occurs when select time range in event trend panel.
1. fix: Not supported type shown in the value type of the enumeration set.
1. fix: Issue where elements cannot be found in panels containing sub-element indicators.
1. fix: No prompt is given when creating an element fails due to data type mismatch.
1. fix: The element template placeholder preview is experiencing an issue.
1. fix: Name issue occurs after copy & past analysis.
1. fix: The AI chat displays Chinese responses in the English environment.
1. fix: Failed to open shared dashboard URL.
1. fix: Failed to save the middle element's AI generated analysis.
1. fix: Failed to create event analysis without output attributes.
1. fix: NullPointer error occurs during data importing.
1. fix: Modifying the default TSDB connection name may cause connection issues.
1. fix: The shared panel or dashboard URL could not work on Cloud instance.
1. fix: Error occurs when opening data-in page.
1. fix: Several issues in event trend panel.
1. fix: An error occurs when clicking the icon in the upper-left corner of IDMP.
1. fix: The advanced panel of the dashboard is not refreshing metric data.
1. fix: Attribute values are not displayed according to the specified show digits.
1. fix: Failed to open element detail page in the element search result page.
1. fix: The default OpenAI model set to 5.2.
