---
title: 1.0.8.0
---

## Features
1. feat: Save element and attribute list to a new panel.
1. feat: Support sub element aggregation in analysis template.
1. feat: Optimize the intent recognition part in AI chat.
1. feat: Support to search with element attributes.
1. feat: Support fill history in analysis.
1. feat: Support advanced panel.(Preview)
1. fix: Failed to find element ID in AI chat.

## Enhancements
1. enh: Improve the accuracy of the complex metrics in AI.
1. enh: Add element count in the element template list.
1. enh: Increase the hit rate of elements in AI chat.
1. enh: Summarization-oriented vector optimization for document-based answers in AI chat.
1. enh: Remove the global lock and implement an analytical resource lock.
1. enh: Change the element attribute template operations to async ones.
1. enh: Units are not displayed for the null element attribute value.

## Fixes
1. fix: Failed to get value from some attributes after the data model importing.
1. fix: Failed to expand the root element in the invited user's element explorer.
1. fix: The issue about the name of the imported element template will be +1 as the suffix.
1. fix: Failed to upload images from richtext buttons.
1. fix: Failed to upload picture in the rick text component.
1. fix: Issues in virtual table after importing element template from CSV file.
1. fix: The same attribute being used as both a metric and a dimension cannot be displayed properly in panel.
1. fix: The panel for child element template aggregation cannot display data in the dashboard.
1. fix: Statics panel cannot show digits.
1. fix: failed to show time range in event trend chat.
1. fix: Rich text panel always show "Title" text above content.
1. fix: Could not show us in start time of event list.
1. fix: failed to delete element template.
1. fix: failed to show digits in gauge panel.
1. fix: The length of the attribute is not the same to one in TSDB.
1. fix: the panel which contains child element attribute can be converted to template.

