---
title: 1.0.3.0
---

## Features
1. Feature: Support basic import/export.
1. Feature: Support map type in panel.
1. Feature: Support drag & drop element in the elements explorer.
1. Feature: Support scatter type in panel.
1. Feature: Support advanced SQL in panel.
1. Feature: Support to create anomaly detection analysis.  

## Enhancements
1. enh: the width of the element selection in panel template will be adjusted to the width of the browser.
1. enh: Modify the prompt for deletion analysis to first prompt for deleting old data.
1. enh: Improve the storage and usage of the element attribute which refers to the attribute template.
1. enh: Change from DeepSeek R1 to V3 in suggestion questions.

## Fixes
1. Fix：Asset Model imported twice using same path with different element templates generates elements under different paths.
1. Fix：Failed to update connection info if disconnected in the sample page. 
1. Fix: Failed to edit created user role.
1. Fix：The same event template appears twice in the one notification rule.
1. Fix：Failed to do data import if the configured element template does not exist.
1. Fix:  Covariates should only be selected for data prediction within the moiral model.
1. Fix：Failed to set rollup window in AI generated analysis.
1. Fix：Failed to only delete element reference.
1. Fix：Will throw error in the AI chat directly if generated unsupported SQL.
1. Fix: Failed to filter event with category or template.
1. Fix: The output attribute name of the AI generated analysis is not the same to the output table column name.
1. Fix: AI service always hung after failing to generate panel.
1. Fix：AI chat could not be very good at handling statistical questions.
1. Fix：Failed to show the bar chart if only one data.
1. Fix：Failed to continue sending questions after generating a panel in the panel list through a sent question .
1. Fix：Failed to set data reference setting of output attribute from analysis in some senarios..
1. Fix：Failed to import unsigned number data.
1. Fix：Failed to show dimensions in panel of the leaf element.
1. Fix：Failed to delete AI generated attribute when canceled the generated analysis.

