---
title: 1.0.7.0
---

## Features
1. feat: The default settings for the AI connection English version use the ChatGPT URL.
1. feat: The proportion of complex indicators in AI Suggestion is configurable.
1. feat: Support data imputation in event trend chart.
1. feat: Import and export support specifying elements and element templates through REST API..
1. feat: AI suggestions include the question about generating an analysis for multiple anomaly detection metrics.
1. feat: Support aggregation in formula attribute.

## Enhancements
1. enh: Integrated with key word search in AI chat document related question.
1. enh: Support to retry during quering TSDB.

## Fixes
1. fix: Issues about over maximum network package size when generating sample.
1. fix: The links included in the answers from the AI chat are incorrect.
1. fix: Failed to copy and past the question in the AI chat.
1. fix: The answer in an AI chat is sometimes truncated.
1. fix: Limits configuration does not work at once in panel.
1. fix: Failed to show legend of panel in dashboard.
1. fix: Failed to check generate event in analysis edit page generated by AI suggested question.
1. fix: Failed to add analysis template under the element to event trend chart.
1. fix: Potential duplicate calculations in Time window of analysis.
1. fix: Failed to import dashboards of the specified element.
1. fix: Data zoom component issue in event trend chart.
1. fix: Issues in the value of the "whether to confirm" in notification email.
1. fix: Element attributes list are displayed with microsecond precision by default.
1. fix: The suggested analysis question with event enabled did not generate the event enabled analysis.
1. fix: Failed to include parent element's attributes in AI chat.

