---
title: 1.0.12.0
---

## Features

1. feat: Improve the creation and view analysis page.
1. feat: Add smart explain in panel view page.
1. feat: Support elements and attributes categories in easy import and map stable to element.
1. fix: Support element name in the advanced SQL panel.
1. feat：Added AI service to permission groups.
1. feat: Support reason code in event.
1. feat: Support to add element to template.
1. feat: Add a new data import method: "Import from OPC".
1. feat: Support specifying the order of panels and dashboards and setting a default dashboard.
1. feat: Support bar gauge panel.
1. feat: Support interval offset in time window of panel.
1. feat: Support to select parent element in Easy Import and Import from OPC.

## Enhancements

1. enh: Support limits in AI chat question.
1. enh: Remove forced scrolling to the bottom when AI provides streaming responses.
1. enh: Support to save cell configuration in Excel Add-in plug-in.
1. enh: Improve the time select in Excel Add-in.
1. enh: Improve the time range in AI generated panel.
1. enh: Save multiple swim-lane option to trend panel.
1. enh: memory check in startup script
1. enh: Improve the hyperlinks in answer of AI chat.
1. enh: Remove the UOM search and integrate it into the UOM list page.
1. enh: Remove the basic menu items from the context menu of the elements.
1. fix: Add display of end time to the data import results page.
1. fix: Add a "New Template" button to the "Add to Template" dialog.
1. enh: Improve the performance of Import from OPC-UA.
1. enh: Show element paths in the pop-up list of the element selector for panel templates and dashboard templates.
1. enh: Each swimlane’s metric now supports auto-ranging (min/max) on its y‑axis.
1. enh: Show element paths on the search results and favorites list pages.
1. enh: Show element paths in the pop-up object at the top of the search page.
1. enh: Add attribute selection button to trend chart to delete attributes.
1. enh: Support to save multi-swimlanes trend chart panel.
1. enh: During OPC import, the tag description is automatically saved as the element or attribute description.
1. enh: The checkbox on the list page can select all items across pages.
1. enh: The statistics panel displays units and the last update time.
1. enh: Improve the data import progress pop-up.
1. enh: The panel's time picker supports time functions such as "today()".
1. enh: Unify buttons like the multi-lane button and place them in the functional operation area on the top right side of the panel.
1. enh: Calculation method for the panel's Y-axis min/max.
1. enh: Multi-lane charts can be displayed in both the panel list and the dashboard.

## Fixes

1. fix: Issue with automatic adjustment of maximum and minimum values on the y-axis of trend panel.
1. fix: An edit exit confirmation dialog appears when leaving the analysis view of intermediate nodes.
1. Fix: The external link pages for panels and dashboards maintain consistent theme colors with the original pages.
1. fix: The values and display of the Y-axis in the multi-lane chart are inconsistent.
1. fix: Failed to query in panel with filter conditions.
1. fix: Failed to get attribute history values.
1. fix: Modifying the super administrator's user permissions resulted in all user information being unable to be displayed.
1. fix: Failed to set the data setting reference attribute from the second TSDB connection.
1. fix: Failed to import data model with analysis.
1. fix: Failed to submit new task in data-in page.
1. fix: There is an issue with the analysis problem insight pushed by AI.
1. fix:  Getting element attribute reports a not found attribute template issue .
1. fix: Improve the error message about not supported by importing data.
1. fix: Failed to change notification rule of element, if its element template contains a notification rule template.
1. fix: Data import encounters a database transaction timeout issue.
1. fix: Importing data takes too long.
1. fix: Failed to show correct in elements tree of it-monitor.
1. fix: The issue of the panel automatically adding the AVG function.
1. fix: Failed to apply the time range selection to the panel.
1. fix: Network errors in data-in page.
1. fix: Failed to modify the data reference of the attribute template for the analytics output attribute to the IDMP database.
1. fix: Failed to handle element custom attribute when AI generates a panel.
1. fix: The issue of Chinese content appearing in the thought process of Intelligent Q&A in an English environment.
1. fix: Failed to generate AI suggested panel questions.
1. fix: Failed to parse playload data in Kafka data-in task.
1. fix: No permission checking in path menu.
1. fix: The right-click menu for data writing is incorrect.
1. fix: An error will be thrown when creating an analysis if historical recalculation is enabled but no start time is set.
1. fix: The advanced SQL copy query does not refresh after deleting the panel.
1. fix: The expiration display for the AI service key is inaccurate.
1. fix: Hide attribute values that are exactly zero in the element attribute list.
1. fix: Some permission groups do not display names.
1. fix: Roles other than Super Administrator cannot be modified.
1. fix: Basic symbols of the complex panel with Chinese titles in an English environment.
1. fix: The event link is invalid in event window notification mail content.
1. fix: Clicking the new window button in the trend chart displays no data.
1. fix: The bar gauge displays an incorrect chart for individual devices.
1. fix: The panel thumbnail shows an incorrect title.
1. fix: Asking a question "table data volume and time distribution" in non-leaf nodes panel list page causes an error.
1. fix: An error occurs in the panel aggregation statistics for intermediate nodes.
1. fix: User-defined roles will be removed in the new version.
1. fix: Failed to execute backup tasks in schedule.
1. fix: Failed to select MySQL data source in data-in page.
1. fix: The start time of forecast data in the panel is incorrect.
1. fix: The pop-up window for "Current Indicator" appears blank when clicked during data-in page.
1. fix: Multiple issues in permission management.
1. fix: Memory OOM issue occurs during metric data reporting.
1. fix: Modifying the analysis fails due to an existing analysis name.
1. fix: Unable to remove generated events when modifying analysis.
1. fix: Multiple gauges panel shows issue.
1. fix: An error occurs when switching from the trend chart to multiple bar gauges.
1. fix: Error occurs when modifying the element template name.
1. fix: Integrating the local LLM, the AI chat is not working.
1. fix: The AI recommended questions generation panel reports an error.
1. fix: AI chat cannot answer questions about the number of devices.
1. fix: Bar gauges have an issue when displaying multiple child element metrics.
1. fix：Elements added to element templates cannot be displayed in panel child elements aggregation.
1. fix: After batch confirmation of events, the list page does not refresh.
1. fix: The data interpretation time in the panel is displayed as the current time zone string.
1. fix: Failed to show symbols in black mode.
1. fix: Batch deletion of elements occasionally fails.
1. fix: Failed to use the template in child elements grouping mode of panel after the element converted to template.
1. fix: Deleting a reference after copying an element may cause the element to be unfound.
1. fix: Attribute search does not correctly display element paths for OPC-imported data.
1. fix: Could not access cloud resource management from IDMP admin console.
1. fix: If the content of the panel's insight is excessively long, the left X-axis becomes invisible.
1. fix: The Y-axis of the trend chart panel has display issues.
1. fix: The panel insights of cloud service instance reports an error.
1. fix: After batch confirmation of event list, which remains selected.
1. fix: After successfully creating the data-in task, the pop-up window still shows the editing state.
1. fix: Error importing knowledge base document: "database disk image is malformed".
