---
title: 1.0.9.0
---

## Features
1. feat: Support to view child element attributes in child element list.
1. feat: Support Single-Sign-On.
1. feat: Multiple improvements in event management.
1. feat: Supports HTTPS.
1. feat: CSV import supports entering element description.
1. feat: Support Excel data link plugin (Preview)
1. feat: Support enumeration type in data reference type of attribute.
1. feat: Support complex attribute condition in element search.
1. feat: Support to upload documents to element general properties.
1. feat: Support to view, save and edit advanced panel.

## Enhancements
1. enh: Change the backend data lock method to improve concurrency.
1. enh: Optimization the data imputation.
1. enh: Fine-grained locking is implemented for panel and dashboard data.
1. enh: Replace the swimlane diagram and AI icons.
1. enh: Parameters for time series data prediction are automatically selected based on historical data.
1. enh: The data import supports measurement units in abbreviated form.
1. enh: The start and end time of the event notification message includes time zone info.

## Fixes
1. fix: Continuous errors occur when deleting intermediate elements because the space is locked.
1. fix: Concurrent querying and modification by 10 threads in the dashboard resulted in a failure to read the JSON file.
1. fix: Failed to view the panel generated by the AI suggested question.
1. fix: Child element grouping panel can not show result in dashboard.
1. fix: Not support self-signed certificate in AI connection. 
1. fix: The number of time series attributes is invalid in license collected info.
1. fix: The pop-up menu linked within the tree structure cannot open the Easy Import page.
1. fix: Copy data reference attribute template to query the new attribute value of the element.
1. fix: AI recommendation question is unable to include multiple sub-element templates.

