---
title: 1.0.10.0
---

## Features

1. feat: Support Object type in attribute value type.
1. feat: Panel and dashboard support scheduled delivery.
1. feat: Support UOM automatic calculation in panel.
1. feat: Data prediction supports multivariate correlation analysis.
1. feat: Panel indicators and labels each support display order adjustment.
1. feat: Support to upload pens in advanced panel.
1. feat: Support attribute and element categories in CSV importing.
1. feat: The navigation bar has been changed from a dropdown menu to a tiled layout.
1. feat: Support to save event list to a panel.
1. feat: Support limits and order by in element search.
1. feat: Support to specify root element in search.
1. feat: Support reverse proxy access.
1. feat: Provide Excel Add-in component.

## Enhancements

1. enh: Support automatic downsampling in panel.
1. enh: Indexes in enhanced transaction processing can read dirty data.
1. enh: Support select All and deselect all asset model in easy importing.
1. enh: Enhance support for reverse proxy.
1. enh: Excel Add-in fixes some issues.
1. enh:  Support to sort by selected attributes  in element search.
1. enh: Add the local upgrading document.

## Fixes

1. fix: Failed to add analysis to event trend chart.
1. fix: Failed to click confirm button in search window of the low resolution browser.
1. fix: Issue occurs during editing attribute template after rename it.
1. fix: Failed to generate analysis through AI suggestion question in the middle element.
1. fix: Failed to filter event by the specified category.
1. fix: Not include child element panels and dashboards after importing from other IDMP.
1. fix: Syntax error occurs in AI chat.
1. fix: Y axis unit truncated in panel.
1. fix: Occurs exception during importing data model.
1. fix: Failed to delete the panel which including notification rules.
1. fix: Failed to use sub table filter in asset importing.
1. fix: Issue occurs in the attribute prediction of the child element.
1. fix: The two Restructure Buttons in Asset Import have inconsistent behavior.
1. fix: A white box appears in the panel's time picker.
1. fix: Issues with images in dashboard scheduled sending.
1. fix: The issue of element attributes in the asset list being difficult to distinguish.
1. fix: The list of predictive models does not filter out unavailable models.
1. fix: Could not to save an advanced panel in Cloud IDMP instance.
1. fix: Notification messages appear behind pop-up dialog.
