---
title: 1.0.5.0
---

## Features
1. feat: New attribute templates will use the keywords specified during element creation.
1. feat: Support to filter child element lists by element template name.
1. feat: Support to set order of child element list and attribute list.
1. feat: Support state timeline in panel.
1. feat: Support to export the current page in all list pages.
1. feat: Support to save and edit event trend panel.
1. feat: Support to use formula and string builder in analysis.
1. feat: Add CAPTCHA verification during user logins.
1. feat: Support UOM search and view search result.

## Enhancements
1. enh: The metric axis of the panel displays the physical unit of the current metric.
1. enh: Data import/export allows you to choose not to upload taosgen file.
1. enh: Panel auto-refresh should not change the selected zoom time range.
1. enh: Batch to retrieve the last value of the element attribute list.
1. enh: Predicted values are only displayed in the swimlane chart of their respective metrics.
1. enh: Support to set middle element's element template in data import.

## Fixes
1. fix: Occurs a vector database connection timeout issue in AI service.
1. fix: Naming pattern of the element template containing special characters may cause not found element file issue.
1. fix: There is a mismatch between the name and the object in the UOM class editing.
1. fix: Repeated execution of the simple import results in the original analysis becoming unusable.
1. fix: Error when clicking Evaluate in the event window trigger condition while editing analysis
1. fix: Failed to import TDengine data with large sub tables.
1. fix: Failed to show valid data in panel generated by the AI suggested question in the middle element. 
1. fix: Failed to import unsigned number data.
1. fix: Failed to import element template.
1. fix: The error "Naming pattern '' is invalid" is reported when importing the element template.
1. fix: File name is not displayed in the import task results list after importing data successfully.

