---
title: 1.0.4.0
---

## Features
1. feat: Support formula attributer in the panel expression.
1. feat: Supports recommending and generating anomaly detection analysis based on AI.
1. feat: Support the complex event trend chart.
1. feat: Support  replacement parameters in advanced SQL in panel.

## Enhancements
1. enh: Change Python version requirement to 3.12
1. enh: Improve the progress of email activation code.
1. enh: Enhance the connection details fill-in page on the sample selection page.
1. enh: Support to show status and error message in connection list.
1. enh: Support case-insensitive in search.
1. enh: Support to hide, show as table or line in trend chart's statistical value.
1. enh: The event search results page displays the same as the original list page.
1. enh: Improve the JSON definition of element attribute.
1. enh: Support to compare X axis metric with Y axis metric in scatter panel. 
1. enh: Generated AI suggestion questions based on initiated language.
1. enh: Improve the efficiency of complex metrics generation.
1. enh: Support to not output attributes in analysis.
1. enh: Only support UTF-8 CSV file in data import.
1. enh: Support to set the range of Y axis when editing panel.
1. enh: Support tbname in the panel dimensions.

## Fixes
1. fix: Elements should not be able to create references to itself within the same tree structure.
1. fix: AI chat responses in Chinese within the English environment.
1. fix: Failed to use  existed element template during importing data set.
1. fix: Still need to wait for two minutes if failed with AI chat.
1. fix：Failed to answer imported element template question in AI chat.
1. fix：Failed to answer "last 7 days" question in AI chat.
1. fix: Failed to disable interval in sliding window analysis.
1. fix：Failed to use element template's notification rule in element.
1. fix：Failed to send notification when the analysis is event window.
1. fix: Failed to update the element's attribute type if updated the attribute template type.
1. fix: Failed to generate valid trigger condition in AI generated analysis.
1. fix: Failed to set data reference setting of output attribute from analysis in some scenarios..
1. fix：Occurs func not existed in AI chat.
1. fix: Failed to view the detail of event when deleted the related analysis.
1. fix：Failed to import element template.
1. fix: Failed to delete analyses after deleting the element.
1. fix：Occurs SQL issues in AI chat.
1. fix：Failed to generate panel through AI suggested question.
1. fix: Failed to set AI connection with local Deepseek.
1. fix：Throws "Aggregation functions do not support nested" error when generating AI panel.

