---
title: 1.0.6.0
---

## Features
1. feat: Support UOM automatic calculation in formula and string builder attributes..
1. feat: AI chat supports generating reports on forecast data. (Preview)
1. feat: AI chat in Analyses supports generating multiple anomaly detection sub-analyses. (Preview)
1. feat: Analysis within the status window and anomaly detection supports sub-analysis. (Preview)
1. feat: Add a toggle button between cards and tables on the panel list page.
1. feat: Add enterprise data-in menu item in Admin Console.
1. feat: Analysis supports  pre filter.

## Enhancements
1. enh: Add phone verification in the second page of activation pages.
1. enh: Enrich answers from AI chat.
1. enh: Add "Trend Chart Analysis" menu item in the analysis list pages.
1. enh: Support to show length of value type in the attribute or attribute template list pages.
1. enh: Support to edit panel title in all types.
1. enh: Recommendation questions are generated according to the user's activated language.

## Fixes
1. fix: Several issues in dashboard pages.
1. fix: The default language of email is changed to system configuration default language.
1. fix: New sub table is not synchronized to element explorer after imported data in some scenarios.
1. fix: Inability to reference timestamp columns in data references
1. fix: Remove packages which not supports Windows from AI service.
1. fix: The loading time for the attribute list page is excessively long.
1. fix: Occurs unknown invalid answer in AI chat sometimes.
1. fix: Error in named pattern when editing element template imported from CSV.

