---
title: 1.0.1.0
---

## Features

1. Feature: Added script for updating the document vector store during the documentation release process.
1. Feature: Add attribute autocomplete in the expression UI component.
1. Feature: Add 5-day and 1-day expiration reminders for licenses.
1. Feature: Modify TDengine connection immediately if failed to connect in samples page.
1. Feature: Support to upload CSV file to generate element template.
1. Feature: Add new script that updating the vector library when updating the document to online.
1. Feature: Change expression component style to the same to other pages.
1. Feature: Improve the memory usage of AI service.
1. Feature: Add Shift + Enter key to enter the next line in AI chart input.
1. Feature: Improve the SQL handling
1. Feature: Support to return chart/table in AI chart.
1. Feature: Update panel attribute limits setting initiated by element attribute's limits.
1. Feature: Support to manually change the width of the table column in each list page.
1. Feature: Improve the breadcrumb menu display.
1. Feature: Add the pop up menu to the element template tree.
1. Feature: Support to refer attribute template name when setting the data reference in the attribute template.
1. Feature: Improve the AI settings.
1. Feature: Make the name of attribute template the same to the super virtual table column name.
1. Feature: Add the generating status to the sample task.
1. Feature: Support to return the progress of Sample loading.

## Enhancements

1. enh: Use the "last" query to obtain the attribute values respectively, so as to fix the problem of inaccurate update time of the attribute values.

## Fixes

1. Fix: Sample data failed to load in TDengine Cloud due to database permissions.
1. Fix: Backend exception in the AI service caused by output attribute generation during analysis updates.
1. Fix: Error setting events as favorites.
1. Fix: Incorrect help links in AI responses.
1. Fix: Invalid SQL caused by setting an alias while using an `ORDER BY` clause.
1. Fix: Can not support to set OpenAI API URL in AI connection
1. Fix: failed to override the complex metrics.
1. Fix: AI service is busy and try again issue.
1. Fix: the column of the status window analysis generated by AI is invalid.
1. Fix：Resolve the issue about attribute template name is not consistent to the column name of  super virtual table.
1. Fix: Could not select attribute in the filter of panel.
1. Fix: must select the first metric attribute in panel when using window.
1. Fix: Not to set alias when the panel contains order by.
1. Fix: Doc link in the AI chart is invalid.
1. Fix: Failed to load sample data caused by database sync authority issue.
1. Fix: event favorite issue.
1. Fix: enumeration validation issue.
1. Fix: resolved the issue that AI service will throw exception when updated analysis output attribute 
1. Fix: Updated the sample description and pictures.
1. Fix: Failed to load latest UI files.
1. Fix：Occurs array out of index issue when import from TDengine to multiple trees.
1. Fix：Failed to execute idmp generator.
