---
title: 1.0.13.0
---

## Features

1. feat: Support element as a panel dimension.
1. feat: Add the metric statics support in panel.
1. feat: Support to extend multiple base templates in element template.
1. feat: Add the element documentation as reference materials for panels and analytical recommendations.

## Enhancements

1. enh: Add a monitoring task to the OPC import task to continuously monitor new table creation.
1. enh: Change the Y-axis display of the panel to show measurement units as abbreviations.
1. enh: Other panel types also display measurement units by default.
1. enh: Add configuration for display columns in the element template list page.
1. enh: Move the notification rules from the element's path bar to the action buttons of the event list.
1. enh: On the search results page, clicking the attribute name can redirect to the attribute details page.
1. enh: Display of multiple gauges in panels with Child Elements Grouping.
1. enh: The asset filtering of Excel Add-in can list the path of elements.
1. enh: OPC-UA import supports importing from multiple databases simultaneously.
1. enh: Enumeration set deletion improves multi-user actions.
1. enh: Improve the storage data for attribute data reference settting.
1. enh: Support panel insights during editing.
1. enh: Support to list base template's attribute template list in element template's attribute template list page.
1. enh: Remove the same part in attribute from attribute template.
1. enh: Add backend batch delete API for element & event template lists.
1. enh:  User can directly operate analysis in Admin Console.

## Fixes

1. fix: The OPC-UA import undo button is not working.
1. fix: Issue with increased memory usage in AI services.
1. fix: Anomaly detection window event generation issue.
1. fix: When copying analysis, a stream compute with the same name will appear.
1. fix: Switching between user accounts with different permissions results in no response during login.
1. fix: An exception occurred during OPC UA import.
1. fix: AI was not working but worked after a restart.
1. fix: Failed to output answer in AI chat.
1. fix: Element naming pattern do not support attribute value substitution parameters.
1. fix: Multiple display issues with the canvas panel.
1. fix: After importing CSV, no new elements were generated for the newly added child table.
1. fix: The Explorer link address in the connection information is incorrect.
1. fix: Opening a shared panel in the same browser auto-switches to the sharing internal user.
1. fix: Modifying the source tables and columns of data reference setting attributes to be empty cannot update the virtual table.
1. fix: Panel editor graphic area height too small.
1. fix: Shared cloud dashboard fails to load.
1. fix: Clicking show/hide properties in panel editor briefly flashes a tooltip at top-left.
1. fix: Failed to register with existed user again.
1. fix: Importing elements from CSV caused the AI service to become unavailable.
1. fix：The element analysis list shows the names of the analysis templates.
1. fix: Failed to show uploaded background image in canvas panel.
